Receive evidence
13 open classes at Violet Stakes 4 years old
Thank you
Another is
This camera's
It seems that time has come ahead
Savior Stakes 1400 meters per putt
Strike memory irregularly 55 commemorative wing modest Tamura
Sunday Mate Want To Dancer tem nice guy
Wild blasting to be an exact seed country to effective Michael Machikane
Long relief
It would be nice if 13 people at one time participated
This video is not only a minor but also a hard start point
A photographer who is close to
It disappears from this stand
Strongly invisible
This is a domestic horse
With a 23-year-old former employee
The user entered the dormitory at the same department.
I was honest
It is more than the outside long relief enters and the plan is also
I was 3 years old
It is a strong horizontal line that prepares the 10th race violet
It is said that after entering this place now
It looks like nothing to spot movement
I can not say anything with the camera from the stand
With the turf vision in the test site, but under the same conditions
It is not a true figure
Where on earth do we run
Complex violet stakes
It will not be said again
Only the bottom is out
I learned a lot
I think q a sound festival 7,000 units at all
It will come soon, but this time
It fell for one minute
A simple answer
Finally in seven times
I just touched the lower body
The search for this day continued
It was horse racing